fix(useFocusZone): remove suspended active descendant state (#1288)
primer/components: .changeset/smart-files-promise.md

---
"@primer/components": patch
---

> Removed "suspended" state from active-descendant focus zones.  Active descendant will now be active as soon as the `activeDescendantControl` element is focused, and cannot be deactivated by pressing `esc`.  This is a breaking change to `useFocusZone`, but this behavior is still considred to be in `alpha`.

Reviewer: Is there a simpler way to explain this change? As someone not familiar with the intricacies of focus zones, this description is a little hard to follow

Author: Updated 😄

Reviewer: Much clearer. Thank you ❤️

> Focus zones with an `activeDescendantControl` will now activate the first descendant as soon as the control element is focused, rather than waiting for an up/down arrow press.  Descendants stay active until the control element is blured.  This is a breaking change to `useFocusZone`, but this behavior is still considred to be in `alpha`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Focus zones with an `activeDescendantControl` will now activate the first descendant as soon as the control element is focused, rather than waiting for an up/down arrow press.  Descendants stay active until the control element is blurred.  This is a breaking change to `useFocusZone`, but this behavior is still considered to be in `alpha`.
```

Author: Thank you!
